readme.md, before:

# Welcome to Containerize your robots and run them on Kubernetes
## A workshop part of [RoboCon 2024](https://robocon.io/). 
Presented by [Markus Stahl](https://www.linkedin.com/in/markus-s-47385134/) and [Nils Balkow-Tychsen](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nilsty/)


#### This repository contains all workshop materials. This readme should guide us through our workshop day. 

We will start with the [fundamentals of Docker including examples related to Robot Framework](10-docker/readme.md). 

Afterwards we will [dive deep into Kubernetes by exploring its capabilities in a hands on demo](20-kubernetes/readme.md). 

You will then apply your learnings by building a Docker container and a Kubernetes manifest for a Robot Framework test. We'll work out a solution together during the workshop. For the discussion there is a [prepared example test](30-example/readme.md). 

Finally we will talk about [running tests in parallel on top of Kubernetes](40-parallelization/readme.md).

## Appendix

- [Kubectl quick reference](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/quick-reference/)
- A well curated list of resources around Kubernetes [awesome-kubernetes](https://github.com/ramitsurana/awesome-kubernetes)
- A Terminal UI tool wrapping `kubectl` [k9s](https://k9scli.io/)
- Security in Kubernetes - The OWASP [Kubernetes Security Cheat Sheet](https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/Kubernetes_Security_Cheat_Sheet.html)
- If you ever need to investigate Kubernetes Networking - [Kubeshark: The Wireshark For Kubernetes](https://dev.to/thenjdevopsguy/kubeshark-the-wireshark-for-kubernetes-3a72)
- Securing public webservers with an [OAUTH2 proxy](https://oauth2-proxy.github.io/oauth2-proxy/)

Commit message:

Update readme.md - note about windows cmd

readme.md, after:

---
ℹ️ This is a modified version of the repo with commands changed to support Windows CMD instead of Unix shells (mainly changing `export` to `set` and `%VAR` to `%VAR%`).

---

# Welcome to Containerize your robots and run them on Kubernetes
## A workshop part of [RoboCon 2024](https://robocon.io/). 
Presented by [Markus Stahl](https://www.linkedin.com/in/markus-s-47385134/) and [Nils Balkow-Tychsen](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nilsty/)


#### This repository contains all workshop materials. This readme should guide us through our workshop day. 

We will start with the [fundamentals of Docker including examples related to Robot Framework](10-docker/readme.md). 

Afterwards we will [dive deep into Kubernetes by exploring its capabilities in a hands on demo](20-kubernetes/readme.md). 

You will then apply your learnings by building a Docker container and a Kubernetes manifest for a Robot Framework test. We'll work out a solution together during the workshop. For the discussion there is a [prepared example test](30-example/readme.md). 

Finally we will talk about [running tests in parallel on top of Kubernetes](40-parallelization/readme.md).

## Appendix

- [Kubectl quick reference](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/quick-reference/)
- A well curated list of resources around Kubernetes [awesome-kubernetes](https://github.com/ramitsurana/awesome-kubernetes)
- A Terminal UI tool wrapping `kubectl` [k9s](https://k9scli.io/)
- Security in Kubernetes - The OWASP [Kubernetes Security Cheat Sheet](https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/Kubernetes_Security_Cheat_Sheet.html)
- If you ever need to investigate Kubernetes Networking - [Kubeshark: The Wireshark For Kubernetes](https://dev.to/thenjdevopsguy/kubeshark-the-wireshark-for-kubernetes-3a72)
- Securing public webservers with an [OAUTH2 proxy](https://oauth2-proxy.github.io/oauth2-proxy/)
